2,537 applications were from Handshake, 1,284 were from LinkedIn, and 114 were from Indeed. I got both offers within a 24 hour span. I ended up taking the position I did 3 interviews for as it was a much better offer. The offer I ended up taking was an IT internship that I applied to on LinkedIn. I had some referrals as well, but I never heard back from them so I did not bother including them.

I graduated with a bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering in May 2024. I had applied to about 100 internships during my junior year of college, but never got an interview from any of them. I then started applying 40+ hours a week around late June/early July of 2024. I got a part time job at the beginning of October so that I wouldn’t go insane and to pay for a master’s myself. I applied to a master’s program in late October, and started it in January of this year, while continuing to work the part time job.

At first, all of the positions I was applying to were full time jobs. Then in January, I switched to applying to internships mostly, as they did not require previous experience. My interview rate definitely went up after that. I received my offer letter in the middle of April. There was only exactly 1 week between the first interview and signing the offer letter. 2nd interview was the next day after the 1st interview, 3rd interview was 2 business days later, then the offer was 2 days after that.

My internship starts in just 2 weeks. I’ve fully completed their onboarding process, so I’m hoping nothing will go wrong between now and then. It is pretty much the perfect opportunity. It’s in the middle of the major city I want to move to, but still within commuting distance of my parents’ house. I don’t know if I will get a return offer, but this is a Fortune 200 corporation, so I really hope so.

High school and college were both a nightmare for me, but this has been by far the most painful journey I have ever been on. Nothing was more demoralizing than getting a 2nd round rejection email and realizing that it was all for nothing. I definitely spent well over 1,000 hours applying, and most of that time yielded zero results. I think that was the worst part, all of my free time was spent applying, which was incredibly boring, and I gained nothing from most of it.

This took about 10 months and 4,000 applications. I hope that this post is a sort of comfort for anyone that was in a similar position as me. It may take a long time, and you might have to make some sacrifices, but please do not give up. If I had given up in March, I would still be working as a cashier indefinitely.

Please don’t do what I did between July and September and spend 80 hours a week applying. It will destroy your mental health much faster than you think. Place a limit on how much time you’ll spend applying each day, and spend the rest of the time doing something productive like working part time/studying, or just doing something fun like playing video games. Trust me, you won’t do well in interviews if you’ve spent the entire last 7 days applying nonstop.

Whatever you do, just remember, any application could be the one. Don’t lose hope.