Project Settings
Go to Team Settings
Project Settings
Vercel Authentication
Ensures visitors to your deployments are logged in to Vercel and are a member of your team.



Learn more about Vercel Authentication

Password Protection
Ensures visitors to your deployments must enter a password in order to gain access.


Password

This feature is available on the Pro plan as part of Advanced Deployment Protection for an additional $150 per month.
Protection Bypass for Automation
Enable access for automation services to protected deployments on this project. The secret is available as a System Environment Variable in all deployments after the value is created. You can bypass Deployment Protection by setting an HTTP header or query parameter with the secret provided below named 
x-vercel-protection-bypass
.

Add a secret that can be used to bypass Deployment Protection for this project.

Learn more about Protection Bypass for Automation

Shareable Links
Shareable Links allow access to Protected Deployments for collaborators outside of your Vercel team.

These unique links can be created, revoked, and regenerated for any Deployment's 
up-to-date URL
 via the Share button on a Project's deployment page, or from the toolbar on a Preview Deployment, and will bypass Vercel Authentication, Password Protection, and Trusted IPs when these features are enabled.

Learn more about Shareable Links

OPTIONS Allowlist
Specify paths to be unprotected for OPTIONS requests. This can be used to enable CORS preflight requests to this project's protected deployments, as browsers do not send authentication on preflight requests. If an incoming request path starts with one of the specified paths, and has the method OPTIONS, the request will bypass deployment protection.


Learn more about OPTIONS Allowlist

Deployment Protection Exceptions
Specify pre-production domains that you want to exclude from Deployment Protection.
Domains listed will become unprotected and publicly accessible.

This feature is available on the Pro plan as part of Advanced Deployment Protection for an additional $150 per month.
Trusted IPs
Restrict access to deployments to visitors from specific IP addresses only. A maximum of 20 IP addresses can be added.


IP / CIDR

1.

This feature is available on the Enterprise plan.
